{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh6860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 1. DONE\
- explain how cosmic ray backgrounds are killed by the energy threshold\
\
2. DONE\
- in chapter 4, add a short paragraph showing the original raw bipolar signal\
\
3. I think this is done already\
- describe antennas and limitations (30 cmbore hole radius, etc ..)\
\
4.  DONE\
- add an example of a simulated Neutrino signal pulse to Fig. 6.10 on page 108\
\
5. DONE\
- add a table of cut variables, with definitions and cut value\
\
7.  DONE\
- add a short paragraph to the conclusion, describing possible imporvements to ARA stipulated by this thesis\
\
\
8. DONE\
-p3, abstract:\
"This thesis will describe" -> This thesis describes \
9. DONE\
-p4 "indulged" -> indulging\
10. DONE\
-p9 "^16O" -> ^\{16\}O\
11. DONE\
-p9 "56^Fe" ->^\{56\}Fe\
12. DONE\
-p17 "0.5-4.0 x 10^-\{10\}" -> (0.5-4.0) x 10^-\{10\} \
13. DONE\
-p17 "1.0-8.0 x 10^-\{10\}" -> (1.0-8.0) x 10^-\{10\} \
14. DONE\
-p20 cite Hess\
15. DONE\
-p21 cite Askaryan [51,51]  as on page\
18. DONE\
Why are zero mass neutrinos a problem, e.g. why does SM describe them to be massless?\
19. DONE\
-p24 which property of QCD leads to confinement?\
20. DONE\
-p26 What about SuperK's announcement on 14th May 1998?\
21. DONE\
-p31 any other hierarchy problems?\
22. DONE\
-p33 Hess used an electroscope, not a spectrograph!\
23. DONE\
-p33 "All but the most energetic charged particles will be bent by magnetic fields" -> All charged particles are bent" !!!\
24.  DONE. 15 minutes proper lifetime, 3 years @100TeV\
-p33 whats the lifetime of a neutron at 100 TeV?\
\
26.  DONE\
-p43 "56^Fe" ->^\{56\}Fe\
27.  DONE\
-p43, Fig 3.6 which is \\nu_\{e,\\mu\}, \\bar\{\\nu\}?\
28.  DONE\
-p45 what about the latest ICECUBE observations on UHE neutrinos? (e.g they are lower energy)\
29.  DONE\
-p46 "that where the the" -> that where the\
30.  DONE\
-p47, Fig 3.7 explain symbols\
31.  DONE\
Askaryan radiation is not unique to neutrinos, how do we distinguish CR backgrounds?\
 32.  DONE\
-p48 "Bremmstrahlung" -> Bremsstrahlung\
33.  DONE\
-p58 "use for South Pole" -> used for South Pole\
34.  DONE\
-p61: Trigger section si a bit vague, what makes RF patterns interesting?\
35.  DONE\
-p62 explain formula 4.1\
36.  DONE\
-p62 how is the desired rate determined?\
37.  DONE\
-p65 why cant SBC be cold tested in a climate chamber?\
\
38.  DONE\
-p67 2x "asses" ->assess\
39.  DONE\
-p67 how do we knwo about firn ice thickness and raybending?\
40.  DONE\
-p72 "Large Analogue Bandwidth Recorded And Digitizer with Ordered Readout" -> Large Analogue Bandwidth Recorder And Digitizer with Ordered Readout\
\
41.  DONE\
-p73 there is a  better figure to explain the two wrap arounds \\epsilon_\{0,1\}\
\
\
42.  DONE\
-p74 footnote on Nyquest frequency should be on page 64, where it is first introduced\
\
43.  DONE\
-p75 explain better how inter-sampel time determined, not fully clear\
\
44.  DONE\
-p76 "in Section 5.1.1"  -> in the next paragraph\
45.  DONE\
-p79 For the interleaving, what about settle time? How large is it?\
46.  DONE\
-p81 how do we get the offsets in Fig. 5.6?\
47.  DONE\
-p82,83 "affect" -> effect\
48.  DONE\
-p83 Fig. 5.8 comparing a) and c), is there no offset correction applied?\
49.  DONE\
-p85, Fig. 5.10 whats the input frequency?\
50.  DONE\
-p87, Fig. 5.11 explain features i May/September\
51.  DONE\
-p91 "into to two samples" -> into two samples \
\
52.  DONE\
-p92 now the trigger requirement is 3 out of 16, before it was 3 out of 8?\
53.  DONE\
-p92 define GPS PPS\
54.  DONE\
-p93 what about Bkg Simulation of cosmic rays?\
55.  DONE\
-p95 CSW should be fully defined (e.g. equation 6.8)\
56.  DONE\
-p98 Fig. 6.2 legends?\
57.  DONE\
-p100,101 The origin of the bias in 6.3 c) is raybending?\
pulsers are too close for it to be an effect?\
 Why is there no bias in Fig. 6.4 b)?\
58.  DONE\
-p109, 114, 115\
define all cut variables (totalBins, CSWPeakVoltage, sumCorrVals, powherence, CW minProb, etc). If possible in a summary table?\
59.  DONE\
-p113 "Along with being reconstructable neutrino events" -> Along with being reconstructable, neutrino events\
  DONE\
-p109 motivation for the cut of totalBins at 20?\
\
60.  DONE\
-p114 which two types of events?\
\
61.  DONE\
-p115 Fig 6.14 How exactly was 380 choosen? What optimization was used? Reference Fig. 6.19\
62.  DONE\
-p116 Fig 6.15 a) The legend is not readable\
\
63.  DONE\
-p120 Have there been cross checks with data? E.g. simulated calibration events? Checks on the rejection pattern between data and Sim?\
\
64.  DONE\
-p124 Fig 6.20, reference 6.15 a) here for more clarity\
65.  DONE\
-p126 Fig 7.1 any explanation for the GOES faetures? Correleation with VPol seems not clear ...\
\
\
66.  DONE \'97 not really sure - most of it is from firmware and software\
-p127 how long is the deadtime?\
\
67.  DONE \'97 cited ARA analysis paper and stated the choice of cylinder\
-p128 Equation 7.1, How does this depend on the choice of cylinder?  Cite orignal work\
68.  DONE\
-p129 Fig. 7.3 a,b explain features\
\
69.  DONE\
-p130 Equation 7.3: there seems d\\Omega dt dA missing ..., cite source!\
70.  DONE \'97 data was not available\
-p131 Fig. 7.4 why does the expected curve not cover E> 10^\{20\} which are interesting?\
Does it beat ANITA?\
\
71.  DONE\
-p132 "The expected level ... is also expected" -> The expected level ... is also anticipated?\
72. DONE\
-p132 2x "anthroprogenic" -> anthropogenic\
73.  DONE \'97 it\'92s an energy dependent limit in the figure\
-p133 What is the UHE neutrino flux limit? State it!\
75.  DONE\
-p135 [24] "H.V."? -> V. Hess?\
76.  DONE\
-p135 [27] "and ters" ?? -> and others? Whats the Journal in front of \\bf 105?\
74.  DONE\
-p134,135,136 provide complete arXive citations (e.g. not just 1307.7335)\'af\
for [15,16,23,31,34,42,48,50,74]\
}